feat: enforce dependency on released versions of packages (#12740)
filecoin-project/lotus: CONTRIBUTING.md

Note that this is enforced with https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/.github/workflows/changelog.yml

> ## Dependency Management
> 
> We enforce that each dependency on an unreleased version of a package, as long as said package has any released versions (i.e. it is not a `v0.0.0`), is explicitly documented in the `ALLOWED` list stored in [.github/workflows/dependency-check.yml](.github/workflows/dependency-check.yml).
> If you are adding such a dependency, please add it to the `ALLOWED` list.
> Please note that this requirement applies both to direct and indirect dependencies.
> 
> Note that this is enforced with https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/.github/workflows/dependency-check.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Dependency Management

We strive to use release dependencies because:
1. Security / reliability - While there's no guarantee that a released version doesn't have bugs or issues, it seems fair to assume that non-released versions have even more. For example, https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/12467 was triggered because of a bug in non-released library that lotus was depending on when the latest released version didn't have the bug.
2. Faster builds
3. Makes Lotus a better citizen when it's imported by other projects.

We enforce that each dependency on an unreleased version of a packages is explicitly documented in the `ALLOWED` list stored in [.github/workflows/dependency-check.yml](.github/workflows/dependency-check.yml).
* If you are adding such a dependency, please add it to the `ALLOWED` list.
* This requirement applies both to direct and indirect dependencies.
* This requirement applies to packages that have released versions (i.e., is not a `v0.0.0`), 
* This is enforced with https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/.github/workflows/dependency-check.yml
* This enforcement was initially done per [#7131](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/7131)
```

The main things I wanted to achieve are:
1. Document "the why"
2. Point to the back story so an interested party (or us when trying to recall this 6 months from now) can find it

Author: Added in https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12740/commits/6e0bc3517c5cd68fd7c633ed57bbbf1e69dee404 :)

Note that this is enforced with https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/.github/workflows/changelog.yml

## Dependency Management

We strive to use release dependencies because:
1. Security / reliability - While there's no guarantee that a released version doesn't have bugs or issues, it seems fair to assume that non-released versions have even more. For example, https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/12467 was triggered because of a bug in non-released library that lotus was depending on when the latest released version didn't have the bug.
2. Faster builds
3. Makes Lotus a better citizen when it's imported by other projects.

> We enforce that each dependency on an unreleased version of a package is explicitly documented in the `go.mod` file via an inline comment of the form `dependency-check-ignore: <reason>`.
> * If you are adding such a dependency, please add a suitable comment to the `go.mod` file as well.
> * This requirement applies both to direct and indirect dependencies.
> * This requirement applies to packages that have released versions (i.e., is not a `v0.0.0`),
> * This is enforced with https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/.github/workflows/dependency-check.yml
> * This enforcement was initially done per [#7131](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/7131)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We enforce that each dependency on an unreleased version of a package is explicitly documented in the `go.mod` file via an inline comment of the form `dependency-check-ignore: <reason>`.
* If you are adding such a dependency, please add a suitable comment to the `go.mod` file as well.
* This requirement applies both to direct and indirect dependencies.
* This requirement applies to packages that have released versions (i.e., is not a `v0.0.0`).
* This is enforced with https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/.github/workflows/dependency-check.yml
* This enforcement was initially done per [#7131](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/7131).
```

Minor space/grammar nits.
